rlm_xmlrpc: A module for xmplrpc accounting in freeradius

INTRODUCTION

Have you ever wanted to trigger an action real time when the user logs in or logs off in freeradius?
This module born to solve this problem in a message passing fashion using the xmlrpc tecnology 
really common to web application.

With this module you can write a custom application that exposes an xmlrpc method as an entry point 
for radius accounting packets. This way you can trigger an event on your webservice at the same
time freeradius processes accounting packets.

This module is based on the excellent xmlrpc_c library, using curl as the transport layer. Curl
supports http and https and uses persistent connections to speed up communications.
The rlm_xmlrpc module accepts to talk to http or https server. For the latter you have the option to ignore 
insecure  certificates  and peer, so it could be used without owning a valid certificate.  If the options 
no_ssl_verify_peer no_ssl_verify_host are set to yes (default) the module will ignore certificate validity.

FEATURES

* XMLRPC compliant, based on xmlrpc_c
* HTTP an HTTPS support
* HTTP authentication: basic, digest, negotiate, ntlm
* Connection pooling and persistent connections


WRITING AN XMLRPC REMOTE PROCEDURE

You can write an xmlrpc method whit your preferred technology. Xmlrpc is supported by all major 
programming languages and it's really simple to use.

Your method should accept only a parameter which will be an array of string. The rlm_xmlrpc module
cycle each radius accounting packet attribute and for each one, it produces a string with all
attribute details (name, operand, value, etc ...). The rlm_xmlrpc module appends the strings to
an array that will be the only one parameter accepted by your method.

You have to cycle the array and search for the attribute you are looking for.

The rlm_xmlrpc module doesn't check for method return value. If an accounting packet is
dispatched via xmlrpc without errors, it must be processed by server without any further notification.
If you want notify the server about a problem or an error condition, you have to use an xmlrpc
error condition. Please read the documentation provided with the library you are using.
Terminate your method as soon as possible, freeradius wait for the method to complete prior
processing another packet. Your method should pass the array to another non blocking method and return
as soon as possible.
  

Author: Angelo Compagnucci <angelo.compagnucci@gmail.com>
